Hello.
My name is Kenzo and in this video you
will acquire English naturally by
watching, listening, and following along
as I play Minecraft hardcore.
Today is day 242.
Day 242.
And as usual, I'm going to start this
video by saying thank you to the
supporters of this channel. During my
last live stream, I added some flags
to the supporter wall.
I added the flag of China, Ukraine, the
Czech Republic, Germany,
Canada,
and Denmark.
And I have two more flags to add to the
wall. There's some zombies by my wall.
Die zombie.
I killed the zombies. I still need to
add the flags for Italy, Spain, and
South Korea.
In my inventory, I have the South Korean
and Spanish flags.
I don't have the Italian flag yet
because I need some green dye.
I need to find a cactus to make green
dye.
But right now I'm going to add these two
flags. I'll get my diamond shovel
and I'll dig up some of this dirt. Okay.
I got a bunch of dirt. I'll take some
dirt
and I'll use the dirt to build upward.
Up. Here at the top, I'll place the
flags.
I'll start with the South Korean flag
and then I'll place the Spanish flag.
South Korea,
Spain.
All right. We've added South Korea.
Shout out to
Park Jiho in South Korea.
And we've added Spain. Shout out to
Mario Molina. And I've also added one
new sign
to the wall.
Down here,
I've added Kaylin from China.
Big thank you to Kaylin for watching my
videos and supporting this channel. And
thank you to everyone else on my
supporter wall.
You guys help keep this channel going.
And if you would like your name added to
the supporter wall, you could make a
donation on my Kofi page.
All right, it's night time. Let's go
back home and sleep.
And sleep. I'm sleeping in my red bed.
And it's morning. I'm going to take my
bundle
and I'm going to turn this bundle yellow
using my yellow dye.
There we go.
I'll turn this bundle red.
And this bundle I'll turn blue. There we
go. Now I have red, yellow, and blue
bundles.
During my last live stream, I found a
bunch of ore and I put it in these
bundles.
Iron ore, lapis lazuli ore. I'm going to
take all of my ore
and I'm going to place it. I'll place it
all on the ground right here, like this.
All right.
I've placed all of the ore that I found
during my last live stream. Now I'm
going to take this iron pickaxe.
And look at this. I'm going to put this
iron pickaxe in the enchanting table.
The level three enchantment is fortune
three. Fortune three is the best fortune
enchantment.
>> [snorts]
>> Right now, I have a pickaxe in this
chest that has Fortune II.
I'm going to remove the Fortune II
enchantment from this pickaxe, and I'm
going to upgrade it to Fortune III.
I'll go to the grindstone,
and I'll put this Fortune II pickaxe in
the grindstone to disenchant it.
There we go. Now, I need to get up to
level 30. Right now, I'm level 27, so I
need three more experience levels.
I'll go wait at my XP farm.
I'm swimming up the waterfall.
All right, I've made it to the XP farm.
Now,
I'll wait. I'll wait for monsters to
fall.
Die, monsters.
Die.
There we go, we've reached level 28.
Look at all that ore I found.
That's a lot of iron.
There we go, level 29. Just one more
level.
Oh.
One more monster.
I need to wait for one more monster to
fall.
Nope, there it is.
Die, skeleton. And
level 30.
I'm going to jump down. Jump.
And I'll get back on my raft.
All right, and I'll paddle home. By the
way, if you're enjoying these videos,
and if you'd like to practice speaking
English with me directly, you could book
a call with me on Google Meet or Tencent
Meetings by clicking up here.
A wandering trader.
Do you have a cactus?
Nope, no cactus. Oh.
A pale oak sapling.
But I don't have five emeralds. All
right. And let's sleep.
Morning. Day 244.
I'll pick up some lapis.
And I'll put the pickaxe and the lapis
in the enchanting table.
Now, I'll get this Fortune III
enchantment.
There we go. Fortune III. I'm also going
to pick up this enchanted book with
efficiency III.
I'm going to put this on my pickaxe, my
silk touch pickaxe.
Wait.
Where's my anvil?
Did my anvil break? I'll make another
anvil. But first, I'm going to mine all
of this ore
with my Fortune III pickaxe.
I'll start with the iron ore. Let's see
how much iron I get from this.
This is a lot of iron.
All right. That's all the iron.
I'll pick up all this iron.
I got more than two full stacks of iron.
I got two full stacks and then two more
right here.
Wow. Now I'll mine this lapis.
And finally, I'll mine these diamonds.
Wow.
That looks like a lot of diamonds. I'll
pick them up.
We got
36 diamonds. I'm going to start smelting
my iron in the furnace. Iron.
I'll take the stick.
I'm using bamboo stairs to smelt this
iron.
I'll take this iron.
And with the iron, I'll make a new
anvil. 1 2 3 blocks of iron.
All right, now I can make an anvil.
And I'll place my new anvil on top of
the furnaces.
Here we go. Now I'll take my silk touch
pickaxe and I'll put it in the anvil
along with this enchanted book. I'm
adding
efficiency three to the pickaxe.
There we go. Now I've got silk touch,
unbreaking three, and efficiency three.
So this pickaxe will mine blocks much
faster. Now I'll take my notebook
and I'll open back up my notebook. One
of my goals for this video is to find a
desert.
I want to find a desert so I can collect
a bunch of sand to make TNT
and I need to find some cactus so I can
make green dye
for my Italian flag.
>> [snorts]
>> So I need to find a desert. I have a
compass, I have some food,
I have some bundles so I can carry more
things. I think I'm ready to go
exploring looking for a desert.
Let's go.
I'm going to pick up my raft.
I'm passing by my 200 statue
and my dog.
Hello dog.
I'm going to place my raft right here.
All right. I got on my raft and now I'm
paddling
in the ocean. I'm going to go to my
settings
and my video settings.
I'm going to crank up my render
distance.
Let's go up to like 80.
This way I can see a lot further.
But my game might start running bad.
We'll see.
I'll get out of my boat right here. Ooh,
I saw an Enderman.
And I'll pick up my boat, and I'll start
running.
I should have brought a bed with me.
I didn't bring a bed. I need to eat.
I'll eat some steak. Oh, no.
Creeper. Okay, I ran around the creeper.
And now I'll eat some steak.
Oh, no. Skeleton.
Another skeleton.
I'm running around the skeletons. Ooh,
there's some coal.
I need that coal. I'm going to mine this
coal with my fortune three pickaxe.
Ooh.
Is that dripstone?
Okay, wait. I'm going to pause, go back
to my settings. I'm going to turn this
back down.
Back to like 28. Place a torch. Ooh,
there's more coal.
Oh, no. Die, zombie.
Die. I'm going to get my bow,
and I'm going to shoot this skeleton.
Die, skeleton. Die.
Die.
Okay.
Look, dripstones.
I'm going to pick up some of these
dripstones. Place a torch.
Wow.
Lots of monsters in here.
I'm going to pick up some of these
dripstones.
And I'll also mine some of these
dripstone blocks.
Ah.
So many monsters down here. I want to
get 50 pointed dripstone.
Do [clears throat] I have 50? I have 55.
All right.
Time to leave this cave.
Die, a
Time to leave this cave and continue
looking for a desert. Is it daytime?
It's daytime.
Yes. Let's find a desert.
>> [clears throat]
>> There's a bunny.
Oh, ho, ho.
They changed the way that the bunny
looks.
I'm getting pretty far away from my
house. I think I'm like a thousand
blocks away from my house.
Still no desert.
Woah.
What is that?
Is that a shipwreck?
I think that's a shipwreck on the beach.
Jump.
I jumped over
the water.
Over there, there's a floating island
with a tree.
This isn't a desert, but there is a lot
of sand here.
So,
I'll get my diamond shovel
and I'm going to collect a bunch of sand
right now.
Ooh.
Over here, there's some lava.
Okay, I'm going to pick up all this
sand.
All right. I picked up all the sand.
Wow.
Almost three full stacks of sand. I'll
get one more.
There we go. Let's check out this
shipwreck on the beach.
Is there anything inside here?
I see a chest.
Let's open the chest. Oh, there's a
clock. I'll take this clock. I'll put it
in the bundle.
And a treasure map.
And some feathers. I don't need these
feathers. I'm going to keep looking for
a desert. I need to find some cactus so
I can make green dye for the Italian
flag. I have two supporters from Italy.
I need to build the Italian flag.
There's more coal.
I'll get a little more coal.
I always need coal.
The sun's going down.
Well,
I'll get back on my raft and I'll
continue paddling.
No cacti here.
I'm turning my render distance back up.
Back to 80. Well,
>> [sighs and gasps]
>> I'm still looking for a desert.
I'm now 3,000 blocks away from home.
I just need one cactus.
Just one cactus. I'll get out of my boat
right here
and I'll pick it up. Here are some new
trees.
These are spruce trees. I'll chop down
one or two of these trees
and I'll pick up some saplings.
There we go.
I'm picking up some spruce logs. I'll
put these in the yellow bundle and I've
picked up two
spruce saplings so I can plant these
trees back home.
Oh,
I think I saw a village.
Was that a village? Yeah, it's a
village.
Okay.
I can take a bed from the village.
This is good. A village.
Is there a bed in here?
Any beds? No.
Here's a bed.
All right, I'm sleeping in the villagers
bed and it's morning.
I'm going to steal this villagers bed.
Ooh, and also I need to turn back down
my render distance. Okay, I'm going to
take his bed.
Thank you for the bed, villager. I'm
leaving the village. Now, I have a bed
so I can skip through the night.
I need to find a desert. There's a
broken nether portal over here.
I'll open the chest.
Um
I guess I'll take the loadstone. But I'm
going to leave all of this stuff. I
don't really want any of that.
Ooh, a beehive.
I have an idea. I'm going to take my
silk touch pickaxe
and I'm going to mine this beehive with
my silk touch pickaxe. Look.
Now I can pick it up. I'll throw away
this rotten flesh
and I'll put the bee nest in the yellow
bundle.
All right.
I collected a bee nest, I found tons of
cherry grove biomes, tons of nether
portals,
tons of villages,
but zero deserts.
Oh, look, another village.
That's like the fifth village I've
found.
Five villages, but zero deserts.
Woah.
Another village.
Wow.
There are two villages right next to
each other.
One, two.
Oh, wait.
Maybe there's a brewing stand in this
house.
Is there a brewing stand? Yes, there is.
I'm going to steal this brewing stand.
There we go.
And I'll put it in the yellow bundle.
I'm like 4,000 blocks away from my
house.
I've been exploring for
an hour and 9 minutes.
And I haven't found a village.
Oh.
This village has spider webs all over
it.
And I don't see any villagers. I think
this village is abandoned.
Oh.
There's another beehive.
I'm going to go collect that beehive
with my silk touch pickaxe.
And I'll mine the beehive.
And I'll put it in the yellow bundle.
Now I have two beehives. And I'll get
back in my boat.
And the sun is going down.
>> [clears throat]
>> I think I'm going to end this episode
right here. If these videos have been
helpful to you, the best way to support
this channel is by going to my Ko-fi
page and making a donation. Or by going
over to my shop
and buying some of my artwork.
You can check it out by clicking up
here. Like and subscribe, and I will see
you in the next video.
See you.
>> [music]